# `icp-art-gallery`

Welcome to your new `icp-art-gallery` project and to the Internet Computer development community. By default, creating a new project adds this README and some template files to your project directory. You can edit these template files to customize your project and to include your own code to speed up the development cycle.

To get started, you might want to explore the project directory structure and the default configuration file. Working with this project in your development environment will not affect any production deployment or identity tokens.

To learn more before you start working with `icp-art-gallery`, see the following documentation available online:

- [Quick Start](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/setup/deploy-locally)
- [SDK Developer Tools](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/setup/install)
- [Rust Canister Development Guide](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/backend/rust/)
- [ic-cdk](https://docs.rs/ic-cdk)
- [ic-cdk-macros](https://docs.rs/ic-cdk-macros)
- [Candid Introduction](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/backend/candid/)

If you want to start working on your project right away, you might want to try the following commands:

```bash
cd icp-art-gallery/
dfx help
dfx canister --help
```

## Running the project locally

You need to have yarn -v > 3.
```bash
npm install --global yarn
corepack enable
corepack prepare yarn@4.7.0 --activate
```

If you want to test your project locally, you can use the following commands:

```bash
# Starts the replica, running in the background
yarn dfx:start

# Installs the dependencies
yarn install

# Builds the frontend
yarn build

# Deploys your canisters to the replica and generates your candid interface
yarn dfx:deploy

# Starts the frontend
yarn start
```

Once the job completes, your application will be available at `http://localhost:4943?canisterId={asset_canister_id}`.

~~If you have made changes to your backend canister, you can generate a new candid interface with~~
> Dear Andriy and Anton, please pay attention to thing that must have been here. This script is not working as it doesn't exist in package.json. I'd add it by myself, but I don't understand what it should do. Please, investigate and tell me what to do with it.

```bash
npm run generate # not working

dfx generate # could be this one
```

~~at any time. This is recommended before starting the frontend development server, and will be run automatically any time you run `dfx deploy`.~~

### Note on frontend environment variables

If you are hosting frontend code somewhere without using DFX, you may need to make one of the following adjustments to ensure your project does not fetch the root key in production:

- set`DFX_NETWORK` to `ic` if you are using Webpack
- use your own preferred method to replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` in the autogenerated declarations
  - Setting `canisters -> {asset_canister_id} -> declarations -> env_override to a string` in `dfx.json` will replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` with the string in the autogenerated declarations
- Write your own `createActor` constructor
